Use Ground Truth for authentication (#264)
HackGT/registration: README.md

VERSION_HASH | The Git short hash used to identify the current commit (default: parsed automatically from the `.git` folder, if it exists)
ADMIN_KEY_SECRET | A API key used to authenticate as admin an access the GraphQL api (default: random key that changes every server restart)
COOKIE_MAX_AGE | The `maxAge` of cookies set in milliseconds (default: 6 months) **NOTE: this is different from the session TTL**
COOKIE_SECURE_ONLY | Whether session cookies should sent exclusively over secure connections (default: `false`)
PASSWORD_RESET_EXPIRATION | The time that password reset links sent via email should be valid for in milliseconds (default: 1 hour)
SESSION_SECRET | The secret used to sign and validate session cookies (default: random 32 bytes regenerated on every start up)
GROUND_TRUTH_URL | Base URL of [Ground Truth](https://github.com/HackGT/ground-truth) instance (e.g. `https://login.hack.gt`) *required*
GROUND_TRUTH_ID | OAuth client ID from Ground Truth *required*
GROUND_TRUTH_SECRET | OAuth client secret from Ground Truth *required*
EMAIL_FROM | The `From` header for sent emails (default: `HackGT Team <hello@hackgt.com>`)

> EMAIL_KEY | The SendGrid API key for sending emails (default: *none*)

Reviewer: if the default is none, then isn't this required?

Author: Yep good catch

ADMIN_EMAILS | A JSON array of the emails of the users that you want promoted to admin status when they create their account (default: none)
EVENT_NAME | The current event's name which affects rendered templates and sent emails (default: `Untitled Event`)
STORAGE_ENGINE | The name of the storage engine that handles file uploads as defined in [storage.ts](server/storage.ts) (default: `disk`)
STORAGE_ENGINE_OPTIONS | JSON-encoded object containing options to be passed to the storage engine. Must at least contain a value for the `uploadDirectory` key. For the default `disk` storage engine, this directory is relative to the app's root, can be absolute, and will be created if it doesn't exist. (default: `{ "uploadDirectory": "uploads" }`)
DEFAULT_TIMEZONE | Timezone used for dates and times (default: `America/New_York`)
MAX_TEAM_SIZE | The maximum number of users allowed per team (default: `4`)

> QUESTIONS_FILE | Specify a path for the `questions.json` file.

Reviewer: for consistency, mark as required or indicate the default (ideally for all env vars that don't have this since it makes it easier for new devs to get off the ground)

## Contributing

If you happen to find a bug or have a feature you'd like to see implemented, please [file an issue](https://github.com/HackGT/registration/issues).

> If you have some time and want to help us out with development, thank you! You can get started by taking a look at the open issues, particularly the ones marked [help wanted](https://github.com/HackGT/registration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) or [help wanted - beginner](https://github.com/HackGT/registration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted+-+beginner%22). Feel free to ask questions to clarify things, determine the best way to implement a new feature or bug fix, or anything else!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have some time and want to help us out with development, thank you! You can get started by taking a look at the open issues, particularly the ones marked [help wanted](https://github.com/HackGT/registration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) or [good first issue](https://github.com/HackGT/registration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). Feel free to ask questions to clarify things, determine the best way to implement a new feature or bug fix, or anything else!
```
Change `help wanted - beginner` to `good first issue`
